Welcome!
In this update,
we will talk about planning now
for spiritual activities
over the next few months.
But first, here are a few updates.
On March 28, 2025,
a 7.7 magnitude earthquake
struck Myanmar and Thailand.
The epicenter was in Myanmar,
in the city of Mandalay.
Many brothers and sisters
had fled to Mandalay
because of war
in various parts of the country.
Sadly, a married couple
serving as missionaries in Mandalay
died when the apartment building
they were living in collapsed.
We can only imagine the pain and grief
felt by their family members
and the many brothers and sisters
who loved them dearly.
We continue to pray that Jehovah
gives these ones the strength
and comfort they need at this time.
Another missionary couple
living in that same building survived
but sustained serious injuries.
They have received emergency medical care,
and thankfully, they are expected
to make a full recovery.
Seven other Witnesses
sustained mostly minor injuries.
Six homes owned
by our brothers were destroyed,
and 77 more were damaged.
Six Kingdom Halls were also damaged.
The Branch Committee
is coordinating relief efforts,
including repairs and reconstruction.
In South America
and in southern and eastern Africa,
some of our brothers and sisters
are suffering from famine.
To address these needs,
we are providing food relief
to over 8,000 brothers and sisters
in six countries.
We sincerely thank you
for your generous contributions
that make this relief work possible.
While we continue to support
our brothers and sisters in their challenges,
we also have some positive news
to share from around the world.
We’re pleased to inform you
that on February 12, 2025,
72-year-old Sister Alganesh Tekle
was released from prison in Eritrea.
And on March 12, 2025,
80-year-old Sister Berekti Gebretatyos
was also released.
They have been reunited with their families
and are receiving the care they need.
Both sisters were among
the 23 brothers and sisters
previously reported on who were arrested
in September 2024.
We’re also happy to report
that six brothers
were recently released from prison
in Russia after serving their sentences.
This includes Brother Dmitriy Golik,
who served about four years in prison.
Upon release, Dmitriy was met by his wife
and a group of family members and friends.
Also recently released
was Brother Inver Siyukhov.
His sister and her husband
were there to share his joy.
Inver spent four years
in a pretrial detention center.
That is a record for the amount of time
that one of our brothers
has spent in pretrial detention,
where conditions are often harsher
than a penal colony.
Despite such conditions,
Inver gave a good witness by his conduct.
For example, a fellow prisoner
sent him a letter of gratitude
that says in part:
“Thank you for being you!
“You are making this world a better place,
“showing by example what we should be
“and what we can become.
“Your eyes always shine with warmth.
“Even here, you help people
feel happy at least for a moment.
“You managed to restore my faith in people.
This world needs you; we all need you!”
We are so proud
of our imprisoned brothers and sisters!
Although many are enduring harsh conditions,
they continue to glorify Jehovah
by their fine conduct.
As Matthew 5:16 says:
“Let your light shine before men,
“so that they may see your fine works
and give glory to your Father
who is in the heavens.”
May Jehovah continue
to strengthen and support
all of our brothers and sisters
who are in prison for their faith.
Here’s another recent development.
In March 2025,
the Governing Body invited
Branch Committee members
80 years of age or older
to consider their circumstances.
As a result, some of these dear brothers
have made a personal decision
that they will no longer
serve as Branch Committee members.
Let’s hear from a few.
Old age sneaks up on you,
and you don’t realize at times
the limitations that you have.
So this was a way for the Governing Body
to help us to just accept the reality
of old age and the consequences.
During my almost 77 years
of full-time service,
I have always experienced
that Jehovah’s guidance
through the faithful slave
brings joy and contentment.
I truly believe that this arrangement
is an expression of Jehovah’s deep love.
Even if our assignments change in the future,
regardless of what assignment it may be,
this arrangement will be an opportunity
to enjoy our service
while constantly thinking
about pleasing Jehovah.
This is the answer to a prayer;
we cannot keep up.
Let somebody else—younger, stronger—
do the job, and they’re doing it.
It makes me very happy to see
younger brothers now on our Branch Committee,
and they’re doing a great job.
And I know that allowing
for other younger brothers to come in
—it’s going to help the organization.
It does help me to appreciate
to do what you can and not what you can’t do,
and love it.
Follow Jehovah’s direction;
you’ll always be happy.
The Governing Body deeply loves
and respects these dear brothers.
If their circumstances permit,
they will continue to share
in teaching assignments,
such as conducting morning worship,
serving as branch representatives
at circuit assemblies,
and in giving talks at regional conventions.
In that way, our brothers and sisters
will continue to benefit
from their many years of faithful service.
We’re all looking forward
to the 2025 “Pure Worship” Conventions!
This convention series began
the weekend of May 9-11, 2025,
and will continue into early 2026.
It will include 19 special conventions
to be held in 13 countries.
The first special convention
was held the weekend
of May 9-11 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia.
The peak attendance was 12,380,
and 177 were baptized.
I’m sure we are all looking forward
to attending a convention.
As a reminder,
so that everyone can get the most
out of the convention program,
the Governing Body requests
that we all please be seated
so that we can listen
to the convention’s musical preludes.
This will allow us to prepare
our minds and hearts
for the convention program.
Speaking of conventions,
here’s another update.
Recently, the brothers at world headquarters
reviewed the audio and video equipment needs
for regional conventions
in 20 African branches.
Outstandingly,
the attendance in these 20 branch territories
was nearly two and a half times
the number of publishers!
This represents close to 5 million attendees!
But not all of the convention locations
have sufficient audio and video equipment
to enjoy the convention program
like our brothers in other lands.
We’re pleased to inform you
that the Governing Body has approved to spend
21.1 million dollars
over a three-year period
to purchase
additional audio and video equipment
for conventions in Africa.
A phased approach will be used to purchase
and deploy the equipment for Assembly Halls,
rented facilities, expandable Kingdom Halls,
and even open fields.
For 2026,
the focus will be primarily
on equipping conventions
with sufficient
audio equipment and generators.
Some convention sites
will be prepared to install new video setups
or to enhance existing setups.
We thank you for your generosity
in making it possible
for us to provide this equipment
that will greatly benefit
our brothers and sisters
as well as many interested ones.
Now let’s talk
about planning spiritual activities.
In the Northern Hemisphere,
as we move into summer,
many of us will have
our conventions in the weeks ahead.
Even in the Southern Hemisphere,
many conventions will be held
in the next few months.
And you may be planning
other activities or possibly vacations too.
As you look ahead,
what is a good principle to remember?
The greatest joy and satisfaction
will come from giving
to our wonderful God, Jehovah.
As Proverbs 3:9, 10 says:
“Honor Jehovah with your valuable things,
“with the firstfruits of all your produce;
“then your storehouses
will be completely filled,
and your vats will overflow with new wine.”
So as we plan our activities
for the next few months,
let’s consider
what opportunities we might have
to expand our service to Jehovah.
Young ones, if you have time off of school
during the next few months,
could you spend more time in the ministry?
In the weeks leading up to each convention,
we’ll invite our neighbors
to attend the convention with us.
That’s an excellent time
to expand our ministry.
Could you auxiliary pioneer?
Many of us have fond memories
of auxiliary pioneering
during school breaks.
Of course, this applies
not only to our younger ones.
All of us want to consider
if we could auxiliary pioneer.
Perhaps we might even be able
to do so as a family.
Could we reach out to work some unassigned
or seldom-worked territory?
No doubt such activities
would bring us deep joy and satisfaction.
Some of you young ones
are finishing school in the coming months.
If so, have you prayerfully
considered the goal
of regular pioneering?
The new service year
is just a few months away.
Why not consider putting in your application?
There are also opportunities to volunteer
for Kingdom Hall
maintenance and construction.
Could you apply to share in this work?
And remember
that baptized brothers and sisters
18 years of age and older
may now apply for Bethel.
That’s another wonderful way
to serve Jehovah.
This is also an excellent time
to think about attending
the School for Kingdom Evangelizers (SKE).
Recently, the Governing Body encouraged
young ones to consider
the goal of missionary service.
SKE is the door to missionary service.
Have you put in your application for SKE?
Remember that baptized brothers and sisters
who are at least 21 years of age
and who have been serving as regular pioneers
for at least two years may apply to attend.
There are so many exciting opportunities!
Please carefully consider which ones
may be open to you.
Of course, we are also making plans
to attend a convention
in person if at all possible.
Even if we have limited health or strength,
could we attend in person one day
or even a half day of the convention?
Doing so would allow us
the joy of praying together,
singing together,
and being with our dear brothers and sisters
in person.
In this update,
we have considered a variety of ways
that we can be busy in spiritual activities.
With good planning,
we can accomplish much!
Our prayer for all of you
is contained in the words of Psalm 20:4,
which says:
“May he grant you the desires of your heart
and give success to all your plans.”
Brothers and sisters,
we love you all very much.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.